=head1 NAME

Net::FastCGI - FastCGI

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head1 PACKAGES

=over 4

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Constant>

FastCGI protocol constants.

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Protocol>

Provides functions to build and parse FastCGI messages.

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Header>

Object representation of a C<FCGI_Header>.

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Record>

Object representation of a C<FCGI_Record>.

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest>

Object representation of a C<FCGI_BeginRequestRecord>

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Record::EndRequest>

Object representation of a C<FCGI_EndRequestRecord>

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Record::Stream>

Object representation of a FCGI Stream record

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Record::UnknownType>

Object representation of a C<FCGI_UnknownTypeRecord>

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Record::Values>

Object representation of a FCGI Values record

=item L<Net::FastCGI::RecordFactory>

Factory for Net::FastCGI::Record objects

=back

=head1 CONSTANTS

=head2 HAVE_XS

    if ( Net::FastCGI::HAVE_XS ) {
        print "using XS implementation";
    }
    else {
        print "using PP implementation";
    }

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

Set the environment variable C<NET_FASTCGI_PP> to a true value before loading this package to disable usage of XS implementation.

=head1 PREREQUISITES

=head2 Run-Time

=over 4

=item L<perl> 5.6 or greater.

=item L<Carp>, core module.

=item L<Data::Dumper>, core module.

=item L<Exporter>, core module.

=item L<Scalar::Util>, core module since 5.8

=back

=head2 Build-Time

In addition to Run-Time:

=over 4

=item L<Test::More> 0.47 or greater, core module since 5.6.2.

=item L<Test::Exception>.

=item L<Test::BinaryData> 0.007 or greater.

=back

=head1 INSTALL

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    sudo make install

=head1 EXPORTS

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item L<http://www.fastcgi.com/devkit/doc/fcgi-spec.html>

=item L<FCGI>

=item L<FCGI::Async>

=item L<POE::Component::FastCGI>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Christian Hansen C<chansen@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2008 Christian Hansen. All rights reserved.

This program is free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

