=head1 NAME

Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest - Object representation of a C<FCGI_BeginRequestRecord>

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # Constructors
    $record = Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest->new($request_id, $role, $flags);
    $record = Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest->parse($request_id, $octets);
    
    # Methods
    $role     = $record->get_role;
    $flags    = $record->get_flags;
    $boolean  = $record->is_responder;
    $boolean  = $record->is_authorizer;
    $boolean  = $record->is_filter;
    $boolean  = $record->should_keep_connection;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head1 INHERITANCE

C<Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest> extends L<Net::FastCGI::Record>.

=head1 CONSTRUCTORS

=head2 new

Constructs an instance of C<Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest>.

I<Usage>

    $record = Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest->new($request_id, $role, $flags);

I<Arguments>

=over 4

=item C<$request_id>

An unsigned 16-bit integer.

=item C<$role>

An unsigned 16-bit integer.

=item C<$flags>

An unsigned 8-bit integer.

=back

I<Returns>

=over 4

=item C<$record>

An instance of C<Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest>.

=back

=head2 parse

Parses C<FCGI_BeginRequestBody>.

I<Usage>

    $record = Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest->parse($request_id, $octets);

I<Arguments>

=over 4

=item C<$request_id>

An unsigned 16-bit integer.

=item C<$octets>

A string of octets containing the body, must be greater than or equal to 8 octets in length.

=back

I<Returns>

=over 4

=item C<$record>

An instance of C<Net::FastCGI::Record::BeginRequest>.

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 get_role

I<Usage>

    $role = $record->get_role;

I<Returns>

=over 4

=item C<$role>

An unsigned 16-bit integer.

=back

=head2 get_flags

I<Usage>

    $flags = $record->get_flags;

I<Returns>

=over 4

=item C<$flags>

An unsigned 8-bit integer.

=back

=head2 is_responder

I<Usage>

    $boolean = $record->is_responder;

I<Returns>

=over 4

=item C<$boolean>

A boolean indicating whether or not C<role> is C<FCGI_RESPONDER>.

=back

=head2 is_authorizer

I<Usage>

    $boolean = $record->is_authorizer;

I<Returns>

=over 4

=item C<$boolean>

A boolean indicating whether or not C<role> is C<FCGI_AUTHORIZER>.

=back

=head2 is_filter

I<Usage>

    $boolean = $record->is_filter;

I<Returns>

=over 4

=item C<$boolean>

A boolean indicating whether or not C<role> is C<FCGI_FILTER>.

=back

=head2 should_keep_connection

I<Usage>

    $boolean = $record->should_keep_connection;

I<Returns>

=over 4

=item C<$boolean>

A boolean indicating whether or not C<flags> has the C<FCGI_KEEP_CONN> flag set.

=back

=head1 EXPORTS

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item L<http://www.fastcgi.com/devkit/doc/fcgi-spec.html#S5.1>

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Record>

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Protocol/build_begin_request_record>

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Protocol/build_begin_request_body>

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Protocol/parse_begin_request_body>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Christian Hansen C<chansen@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2008 Christian Hansen. All rights reserved.

This program is free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

